README.md, before:

Just a temporary placeholder

The main code right now is Project_code. The rest are mostly remainders of previous versions and I will discard them later. 

Bernardo Rocha 23214074

decided to only use sequential because going to higher complexity models would 
lead down a rabbit hoe that doesn't fall into the perview of this module

# How to generate a BotPlayer
<ol>
<li>Decide if you want a Manual or NN bot</li>
<li>Get a list of Traits accordingly to your choice</li>
<li><ul>
<li>If you chose an NN bot choose a NN model as calc_funct</li>
<li>If you chose a Manual bot choose a manual calc_funct</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Create an Evaluator using the list of Traits and the calc_funct</li>
<li>Create a Searcher using a searching function and a parameter</li>
<li>Create a BotPlayer using the Evaluator and the Searcher defined previously</li>
<li>You are ready use it to play or training</li>
</ol>




# Structure of the code file

<ol>
<li>Imports</li>
<li>Global Variable</li>
<li>Main functions</li>
<li>Playing functions</li>
<li>Player</li>
<li>Search</li>
<li>Evaluation
    <ol>
    <li>Manual Evaluation<ol>
        <li>Manual calc_funct</li>
    </ol></li>
    <li>NNEvaluation<ol>
        <li>NeuralNetworks</li>
    </ol></li>

</ol></li>
<li>Trait<ol>
    <li>ManualTrait</li>
    <li>NNTrait</li>
</ol> </li>
<li>Builders</li>
<li>Misc functions</li>
<li>Preset instances<ol>
    <li>Lists of options</li>
    <li>Traits</li>
    <li>Evaluations</li>
    <li>Bots</li>
</ol></li>

</ol>

Commit message:

added some raise error to search functions
created MCTS

created the TraitDirector, no builder necessary for Traits

created SearchDirector

created EvaluatorDirector

created weighted_MCTS

Next step is implementing maybe one or two NNTraits and then creating multiple NN models and training them

README.md, after:

Just a temporary placeholder

The main code right now is Project_code. The rest are mostly remainders of previous versions and I will discard them later. 

Bernardo Rocha 23214074

decided to only use sequential because going to higher complexity models would 
lead down a rabbit hoe that doesn't fall into the perview of this module


During the project I had to deal with the problem of calculations on the GPU or CPU. There are different approaches for both, but at the start I'll stick with tensorflow and GPU based models.

# How to generate a BotPlayer
<ol>
<li>Decide if you want a Manual or NN bot</li>
<li>Get a list of Traits accordingly to your choice</li>
<li><ul>
<li>If you chose an NN bot choose a NN model as calc_funct</li>
<li>If you chose a Manual bot choose a manual calc_funct</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Create an Evaluator using the list of Traits and the calc_funct</li>
<li>Create a Searcher using a searching function and a parameter</li>
<li>Create a BotPlayer using the Evaluator and the Searcher defined previously</li>
<li>You are ready use it to play or training</li>
</ol>




# Structure of the code file

<ol>
<li>Imports</li>
<li>Global Variable</li>
<li>Main functions</li>
<li>Playing functions</li>
<li>Player</li>
<li>Search</li>
<li>Evaluation
    <ol>
    <li>Manual Evaluation<ol>
        <li>Manual calc_funct</li>
    </ol></li>
    <li>NNEvaluation<ol>
        <li>NeuralNetworks</li>
    </ol></li>

</ol></li>
<li>Trait<ol>
    <li>ManualTrait</li>
    <li>NNTrait</li>
</ol> </li>
<li>Builders</li>
<li>Misc functions</li>
<li>Preset instances<ol>
    <li>Lists of options</li>
    <li>Traits</li>
    <li>Evaluations</li>
    <li>Bots</li>
</ol></li>

</ol>
